README.md, before:

```
usage: p [option ...] command [option ...] [argument ...]

commands:
  c           create db
  d name      delete
  e name      edit
  g name len  generate
  i name      insert
  l           list
  p name      print

toplevel options:
  -h  display usage

g options:
  --  pass rest of arguments to pwgen
  -f  overwrite

i options:
  -f  overwrite
```

# Environment
* `P_DIR`: config and store dir (default: `${XDG_CONFIG_DIR:-$HOME/.config}/p`)
* `P_KEY`: gnupg key id
* `EDITOR`: used for `p e` (edit entry)

# Files
* `$P_DIR/config`: sourced for environment variables
* `$P_DIR/store`: the store

# Format
The store is a simple JSON object encrypted with gpg.

#### Initialise the store:
```
~/.config/p > p c
Initialized empty Git repository in ~/.config/p/.git/
[master (root-commit) 10970bd]
 1 file changed, 0 insertions(+), 0 deletions(-)
 create mode 100644 store
 ```

#### Insert entries:
```
~/.config/p master > p i www/runescape.com
entry:
[master c141447]
 1 file changed, 0 insertions(+), 0 deletions(-)
 rewrite store (100%)

~/.config/p master > p i 'literally anything is fine'
entry:
[master ddc8312]
 1 file changed, 0 insertions(+), 0 deletions(-)
 rewrite store (100%)
```

#### JSON dump:
```json
~/.config/p master > gpg -qd store
{
 "www\/runescape.com": "hunter2",
 "literally anything is fine": "password123"
}
```

# Migrate (don't!)
```bash
( cd "${PASSWORD_STORE:-$HOME/.password-store}/" && \
  find . \( -name .git -o -name .gpg-id \) -prune -o -type f -print ) | \
sed -e 's/^\.\///' -e 's/\.gpg$//' | \
while IFS= read -r n; do pass show "$n" | p i "$n"; done
```

# Dependencies
* bash
* git
* gpg2
* [jshon](https://github.com/keenerd/jshon)
* mktemp
* pwgen
* xclip

Commit message:

fixes, add mv and diff

README.md, after:

```
usage: p [option ...] command [option ...] [argument ...]

commands:
  c           create db
  d name      delete
  e name      edit
  g name len  generate
  i name      insert
  l           list
  m from to   move
  p name      print
  x from to   diff commits (for debugging)

toplevel options:
  -h  display usage

g options:
  --  pass rest of arguments to pwgen
```

# Environment
* `P_DIR`: config and store dir (default: `${XDG_CONFIG_DIR:-$HOME/.config}/p`)
* `P_KEY`: gnupg key id
* `EDITOR`: used for `p e` (edit entry)

# Files
* `$P_DIR/config`: sourced for environment variables
* `$P_DIR/store`: the store

# Format
The store is a simple JSON object encrypted with gpg.

#### Initialise the store:
```
~/.config/p > p c
Initialized empty Git repository in ~/.config/p/.git/
[master (root-commit) 10970bd]
 1 file changed, 0 insertions(+), 0 deletions(-)
 create mode 100644 store
 ```

#### Insert entries:
```
~/.config/p master > p i www/runescape.com
entry:
[master c141447]
 1 file changed, 0 insertions(+), 0 deletions(-)
 rewrite store (100%)

~/.config/p master > p i 'literally anything is fine'
entry:
[master ddc8312]
 1 file changed, 0 insertions(+), 0 deletions(-)
 rewrite store (100%)
```

#### JSON dump:
```json
~/.config/p master > gpg -qd store
{
 "www\/runescape.com": "hunter2",
 "literally anything is fine": "password123"
}
```

# Migrate (don't!)
```bash
( cd "${PASSWORD_STORE:-$HOME/.password-store}/" && \
  find . \( -name .git -o -name .gpg-id \) -prune -o -type f -print ) | \
sed -e 's/^\.\///' -e 's/\.gpg$//' | \
while IFS= read -r n; do pass show "$n" | p i "$n"; done
```

# Dependencies
* bash
* git
* gpg2
* [jshon](https://github.com/keenerd/jshon)
* mktemp
* pwgen
* xclip
